(cheerful music)
Every item that we sell
has to go through many stages
in supply chain before it ever makes it
to the customer's home.
Today we sell over 13,000 SKUs
from over 12 hundred vendors domestically
and internationally.
With a multi-department effort
of approximately 8,000 Crate associates,
we're able to make that happen.
(phone rings)
Thank you for calling
Crate&Barrel Customer Service, Linda speaking,
how may I help you?
This is Quality Assurance.
The Merchandise Liaisons.
Workforce.
Live Chat. (laughs)
I'm in Customer Service.
Crate&Barrel Designer Rewards and Gift Registry.
The Email Customer Service.
Business Sales.
Of the 1.6 million contacts we have,
77% of those are phone and 10% are over email
and 13% are over chat, so we handle all the Crate
and CB2 in the contact center.
It's really important to have those associate relationships
so they know that that's part of the culture
and they can reinforce that with our customers.
Well, it's a job.
(woman laughs)
and somebody has to do it.
Every day is a different day.
What don't I love about my job?
I love the customers.
What's not to like?
So the thing I love about it most
is the associates are just one big huge team
that want to connect with the customers and with each other
and with all the other departments and channels
in the company.
It's very very important to us to
know that people feel that we're supporting what they do
and supporting the business the best way that we can
and of course providing excellent customer service.
We thank you for making Crate&Barrel a small part
of your big day.
You're very welcome, you have a good day now.